abstract: due thursday -- 250 word right up 

judging criteria:
addresses questions or problems 
well structured 
realistic solutions
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
visualizations

explain the dataset well
find a relationship and compare with an outside dataset

problem statement:
Resources for analytical sampling continue to decline and staffing is becoming increasingly limited, 
FDC is establishing new ways to incorporate data. 
It is not feasible to analyze a complete set of nutrients for a single food when the cost of analysis can exceed 
$50,000.
Gathering insight into how comparable foods have changed over time will provide a better idea as to which 
components should continue to be analyzed and which ones remain constant and not necessarily analyzed each 
time a food is updated.

possible questions:
Can we use this data to improve our understanding of analytical sampling?
Have the food components changed over time for equivalent foods (ex. 
whole wheat flour analyzed in 2010 compared to whole wheat flour analyzed in 2020)?
When comparing nutrients from the two datasets, does the mean value for 
SR Legacy fall between the minimum and maximum values of the Foundation Foods? 
Which nutrients fall out of range the most and which fall in range more frequently?  
Which food groups have had the biggest change?


plan:
question: Looking at the min, max, and mean (FF and SR) of each nutrient in each food,
decide which foods still need to be analyzed based on how large the difference is between the FF and SR.

1. finding Z score (measurement of how different the distribution is)
2. pick a value of the score based on the information found to figure out a baseline (if above score than food needs to continue to be analyzed)
3. once we have the food that needs to continue to be analyzed,

make a loop that decides if the SR mean falls in between the FF min and max, if it does not 
then add food name, nutrient, food group to a new csv file (these are the foods that need more analyzing)
make graphs and visualizations from there -- which nutrients fall out of range most frequently (maybe find outside dataset that correlates nutrients with other findings)

1. Food diff graphs
2. info on food diff outlier
3. nutrient diff graphs
4. info on nutrient diff outlier
5. food category
6. info on food category outlier
